we got a good result in the first game
but we didn't think we played as well as
we have been and there's there's reasons
for that I think our nerves got got us a
little bit new environment new place so
i think we're excited for this challenge
I think Cupid's got a couple good
players that will pose a problem for us
and I think hopefully it'll bring out
the best in our team really excited by
the second game um I know I was a little
nervous when I got in a little bit just
you know being my first qualified
tournament and you know be I'm like a
really meaningful game for the US and
put on the juries and everything so now
that I kind of lino have a look but a
little bit of experience I feel like
tomorrow if I get in or whatever way I
can help impact the team I'm all for it
I think the first game the team kind of
sat in on us in the middle so I think
we're gonna use the flanks more and try
and you know just use that better I
think we tried to force a little bit to
them in the middle so I think we did
that one I think as a team we just we
know we can play at a faster pace and
obviously our goal is to be the play
with the fastest soccer in the world and
I think we're just moving our goal is
just to move forward towards that goal
and I'm just I think we got the pre-game
jitters out in the first game jitters
out and I think that's definitely gonna
be a focus for us this game coming up um
I think we're going to focus on playing
our style again I think a little bit in
the first half we let the nerves get the
best of us and some of our possession
wasn't as great as we hoped it would be
so we kind of want to build off the
second half and continue to get better
the first one was great we just have to
keep working it we have good confidence
now everyone knows we have a good chance
we just have to keep pushing ourselves
keep working we can't get complacent
today the people that didn't play for
five minutes went out and had a training
session by the people that played over
45 minutes the guy got to sleep in a
little bit do a pool workout
regeneration and then have just been
kind of relaxing when you look at it if
you know just in these first round games
it's 3 games in five days so that's
that's quite a quick turnaround so we
just have to make sure they're good and
rested in there as prepared as possible
I think that the day off is good we need
regeneration because there's five games
you need our legs to last all the game
so I think it's good what we're trying
to do in a tournament like this I think
you have a squad of 20 players and I
think everyone needs a little something
different you know there's some players
that may be played 90 minutes so we
can't do too much with them we can't ask
too much of them in the off day because
they have to get recovered for in order
to be prepared for the next game there's
some maybe that didn't get a lot of
minutes and so we can we can afford to
go out with them physically and do some
things and keep them sharp on the ball
there's some players maybe that took an
injury and we have to tend to them and
there's others that maybe need a little
of both a little combination of both so
it's trying to manage your pool of 20
players as best you can so that
everybody is getting what they need at
the right time in order to prepare for
every game